Help BNB GUI 2.0 BNBN 20

At the Matlab prompt type HELP BNB20 to get some information about the 
algorithm! 

MAIN WINDOW

'menu file, save': Save the current settings to a MAT-file.

'menu file, load': Load settings from a MAT-file which previously has 
been saved 
by using the BNBGUI save command.

'menu edit, X -> x0': Copies the resulting values of the variables x 
after optimization (X) to the initial values for the variables (x0).

'menu edit, Z X t c fail -> base': Copies the variables Z, X, t, c and 
fail to the Matlab base workspace.

'menu help, help': This file.

'menu help, copyright': Copyright information.

'variables': The variables to be optimized are x. The indexes of the 
variables are shown in the list left of the edit-fields for xub, xlb 
and x0. Choose the variable you want to change settings for from the 
list and change it's upper bound (xub), it's initial value (x0), it's 
lower bound (xlb) or it's status (continuous, integer or fixed).

'parameters': The parameters to be passed to fun and nonlcon (see 
BNB20.m, 
P1, P2, ...) can be edited here. Choose the index of the parameter you 
want to edit from the list left of 'val' and change its value using the 
'val' editfield.

'function': Open the function window.

'settings': Open the settings window.

'optimize': Start the optimization (run BNB20.m).

'quit': Quit BNBGUI.

FUNCTION WINDOW

'fun': Function to be minimized. With the 'edit' button you can edit 
the function.

'lincon': The matrixes A and Aeq and the column vectors B and Beq can 
be loaded from MAT-files by these buttons. Use the lincon button if A, 
B, Aeq and Beq are to be loaded from the same MAT-file.

'nonlincon': Function for the constrains. With the 'edit' button you 
can edit the function. [C;Ceq]=feval(nonlcon,x,P1,P2,...).

'number of vars': Adjust the number of variables x.

'number of pars': Adjust the number of parameters P1, P2, ...

'to base' and 'from base': Copy the variables fun, A, B, Aeq, Beq and 
nonlcon to the base Matlab workspace or load the same variables from 
the base workspace.

'little buttons that turn red once in a while': buttons for loading 
functions and matrices (fun, A, B, Aeq, Beq and nonlcon) have an 
accompanying little button that turns red if a function/matrix is 
loaded. By pressing the little button (it will turn gray again) you 
clear the function/matrix.

'done': Close the function window.  

SETTINGS WINDOW

'nonconv -> no branching': (if selected:) if the sub-problem does not 
converge do not branch it and raise fail by one. Normally BNB will 
always branch a nonconvergent sub-problem so it can try again to find a 
solution. A sub-problem that is a leaf of the branch-and-bound-tree 
cannot be branched. If such a problem does not converge it will be 
considered infeasible and fail will be raised by one.
Using this option can make the algorithm considerable faster but may 
lead to less than optimal results.

'options': options structures for fmincon. For more info at the
Matlab command prompt type help optimset. Please note that the field 
options.MaxSQPIter is not supported by optimset.

'done': Close the settings window.
